If you can love yourself, you can love others.
Enjoy yourself while you can.
Use your turn signals appropriately and you will not be verbally berated (as much). 
The grass is greener in places where the temperature isn't below freezing for a majority of the year.
No one can walk backwards into the future.
Self-knowledge is a life long process.
There is nothing more permanent than a temporary solution.
You don't have to be faster than the bear, you just have to be faster than the slowest guy running from it.
You are about to finish reading a fortune.
Your inferiority complex not good enough. Try harder.
You have kleptomania. Take something for it.
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible. 
Commitment is what turns a promise into reality.
Heroism is endurance for one moment more.
Human Evolution: "Wider freeways, but narrower viewpoints."
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles by it. 
Ignore previous fortunes.
Confucius says: man who fishes in other man's well often catches crabs.
Another dollar, another day.
Rest is a good thing, but boredom is its brother.
Accept your past without regrets. Handle your present with confidence. Face your future without fear.
You are very talented in many ways.
Your ability for accomplishment will follow with success.
Do not let ambitions overshadow small success.
Do not make extra work for yourself.
Don‘t pursue happiness, create it.
Historia est magistra vitae.
You have a 1 in 3 chance of getting cancer. 
About time I got out of that cookie.
To static or not to static? That is the question.
Red bars will bring you great sadness in the near future.
There are two types of people. Those that unit test and those that ***Exception in thread main java.lang.NullPointerException at java.awt.Container.addImpl(Container.java:1095) ***Error
Only three things are certain in life, death taxes and the audio from Hilbert failing.
Those grapes you cannot taste are always sour.
Work smart, not hard.